Add other Local TX Monitor Calls (#1473)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: CHANGELOG.md

- Configuration options for Kupo in `buildCtlRuntime` ([`deferDbIndexes`](https://cardanosolutions.github.io/kupo/#section/Getting-started/-defer-db-indexes) and [`pruneUtxo`](https://cardanosolutions.github.io/kupo/#section/Getting-started/-prune-utxo)) ([#1448](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1448))
- `Contract.JsSdk` module containing helper functions for developers who want to use CTL from JS. See also: [this new guide](./doc/using-from-js.md) ([#1453](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1453))
- New [docs for contract environment](./doc/contract-environment.md) ([#1453](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1453))

> - Ogmios specific functions for Local TX Monitor Ouroboros Mini-Protocol in `Contract.Backend.Ogmios`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ogmios-specific functions for Local TX Monitor in `Contract.Backend.Ogmios` that allow to inspect the mempool ([#1473](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/1473))
```
